Make the AI Policy more notable through intro pages (#2381)
bevyengine/bevy-website: content/learn/contribute/helping-out/reporting-issues.md

When in doubt, prefer creating an issue over immediately opening a pull request. This allows community members to weigh in before you spend time on work that may be unnecessary.

> Before submitting an issue, please check that it has not already been created. [GitHub Search] is fairly good at finding similar issues based on keywords. If you do find an existing issue, please comment on it instead of creating a duplicate. Also, please ensure the issue is not generated with AI, as per the [AI Policy] guidelines. Often there's rather important context that needs to be communicated, and AI usually has a hard time figuring out just what that context is.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before submitting an issue, please check that it has not already been created. [GitHub Search] is fairly good at finding similar issues based on keywords. If you do find an existing issue, please comment on it instead of creating a duplicate. 

Please don't use AI to generate issues (see our [AI Policy]). There's often important context that needs to be communicated that AI systems tend to struggle to capture.
```
